I don't mean to be mean about it I just
I don't think it's any point of us just
dragging it out you know I think we've
been out enough for us to know if
there's anything there
because he realized he was gay kid came
out of nowhere for me I didn't see it
coming I I guess we had sort of grown
apart he destroyed my property and spit
on some things and um sheesh what else
did he do i get rid of all pictures we
end up like kicking the shit out of
ourselves I was delusional for about a
month thinking how she'll come back I'd
see a newspaper I'm like oh wow we're
not gonna do crossword puzzles anymore
oh that's sad you know you know where
there's so much variety it's like you're
single oh so are you know I'm two
million other people in the city I think
I've recently come to the decision that
I only want to date people who are older
than me I don't know if I know what I'm
looking for I know it I'm not looking
for
then you go online shopping for date the
way you would for a pair of shoes on
ebay i know everyone who's just addicted
to it who have gotten dates off like
crazy i personally think online is
brutal
there was one guy who literally like had
his resume well this is my name and this
is how old am and this is where I'm from
this is what I do you know I remember
not getting a word when you put them all
in pajamas a lot of the BS that goes
with the dating scene at a bar goes away
I mean let's just face it in our culture
adults aren't allowed to be playful
a lot of the reasons why people would
get together in relationships was firm
sex money security so those things we
can get on our own now I'm 53 you keep
getting told there aren't so many
wonderful women out there I don't know
where they are men women today have a
very rigid set of expectations that are
looking for and mate the women are out
there so where are the me but when it
comes to dating I mean it's just dating
shouldn't be this audition process is
arduous yeah we can still be friends
okay